README.md, before:

# yesBenchMark
yesBenchMark is a crazy tool for benchmarking the CPU in UNIX & UNIX-like systems. It abuses the `yes` command to load the CPU and measures CPU utilization, speed, and compute.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/matthewyang204/yesBenchMark/master/assets/yesbenchmark-demo.gif" width="547" alt="yesBenchMark demo (animated)">

# Features
- Extremely tiny & light
- Can run on extremely old hardware (OS X 10.4 Tiger is oldest it can run on of all the stuff out there, with a modest G3)
- Can do a ton of different modes, varying in load from light to extremely punishing to see how far you can push your CPU:
    - `time` - See how much the CPU can output in 30 & 60 seconds respectively in a single thread (`yes`)
    - `multicore` - Multi-core version of the `time` benchmark
    - `freq` - Bench how fast your CPU core can turbo
    - `multi-freq` - Multi-core version of `freq` benchmark
    - `stress` - See how little of the total CPU a single thread can use, also includes a stability measurement
    - `compute` - Check how long it takes the CPU to compute 27,000,000,000 hunks of data (each hunk is a single `y\n`)
    - `compute-xt` - `compute` benchmark but with 10x the hunks
- Written in Python & extremely portable, so runs almost anywhere
- Probably one of the most practical benchmarks out there - measures CPU load, CPU frequency, and other things encouuntered in day-to-day workloads; none of the shenanigans that most tools use to grade your CPU's performance

# Usage
```
Usage: yesbenchmark [options]
Options:
  --help, -h          Show this help message
  --mode=MODE         Run specific mode of benchmark

Modes:
all                   Run all modes of benchmarks
time                  Run time-bound benchmark
multicore             Run time-bound benchmark for all cores
freq                  Run frequency-bound benchmark
multi-freq            Run multi-core version of frequency-bound benchmark
stress                Run stress/utilization benchmark
compute               Run compute benchmark (time taken depends on CPU speed)
compute-xt            Run a more extreme version of compute benchmark
```
Well that is...all the capabilities of the program. We recommend the `compute` mode for most people.

Scores for reference (performance is `compute` & extreme is `compute-xt`):
M1 Max with 8 P-cores & 2 E-cores (10 cores total):
P70,363 → performance mode
X685 → extreme mode

i7-2600 with 8 cores:
P55,609 → performance mode
X557 → extreme mode

G5 with 1 core:
P572 → performance mode
{untested} → extreme mode (would take forever on my iMac G5 and overheat it)

# Installation
Requirements:
- Python 3.8 or later (we don't test for older, probably works down to 3.6)
- OS X 10.5 Leopard or later (if too old to be supported by Homebrew, please use Tigerbrew to install Python 3.10) or Linux 3.2 or later (BSDs may be supported at a later time when I have time to spin up one in a virtual machine)

To install yesBenchMark via pip:
```
pip install yesbenchmark
```
Or if you have cloned the repo for development (note that this will also allow you to edit the src code without re-installing for ease):
```
pip install -e .
```

## Compiling and installing as a binary
Requirements:
- The above requirements
- If macOS, an Intel x86_64 CPU or better
- MacOSX 10.9 or later if on Mac

To compile:
```
python3 compile.py
```
After that, just copy the binary in dist out and into a directory in your PATH.

# License
This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0 (GPLv3). All past and future versions of this software are covered by this license. See the `LICENSE` file for full details.

Commit message:

Add info about running without arguments

README.md, after:

# yesBenchMark
yesBenchMark is a crazy tool for benchmarking the CPU in UNIX & UNIX-like systems. It abuses the `yes` command to load the CPU and measures CPU utilization, speed, and compute.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/matthewyang204/yesBenchMark/master/assets/yesbenchmark-demo.gif" width="547" alt="yesBenchMark demo (animated)">

# Features
- Extremely tiny & light
- Can run on extremely old hardware (OS X 10.4 Tiger is oldest it can run on of all the stuff out there, with a modest G3)
- Can do a ton of different modes, varying in load from light to extremely punishing to see how far you can push your CPU:
    - `time` - See how much the CPU can output in 30 & 60 seconds respectively in a single thread (`yes`)
    - `multicore` - Multi-core version of the `time` benchmark
    - `freq` - Bench how fast your CPU core can turbo
    - `multi-freq` - Multi-core version of `freq` benchmark
    - `stress` - See how little of the total CPU a single thread can use, also includes a stability measurement
    - `compute` - Check how long it takes the CPU to compute 27,000,000,000 hunks of data (each hunk is a single `y\n`)
    - `compute-xt` - `compute` benchmark but with 10x the hunks
- Written in Python & extremely portable, so runs almost anywhere
- Probably one of the most practical benchmarks out there - measures CPU load, CPU frequency, and other things encouuntered in day-to-day workloads; none of the shenanigans that most tools use to grade your CPU's performance

# Usage
```
Usage: yesbenchmark [options]
Options:
  --help, -h          Show this help message
  --mode=MODE         Run specific mode of benchmark

Modes:
all                   Run all modes of benchmarks
time                  Run time-bound benchmark
multicore             Run time-bound benchmark for all cores
freq                  Run frequency-bound benchmark
multi-freq            Run multi-core version of frequency-bound benchmark
stress                Run stress/utilization benchmark
compute               Run compute benchmark (time taken depends on CPU speed)
compute-xt            Run a more extreme version of compute benchmark
```
Well that is...all the capabilities of the program. We recommend the `compute` mode for most people.

Scores for reference (performance is `compute` & extreme is `compute-xt`):
M1 Max with 8 P-cores & 2 E-cores (10 cores total):
P70,363 → performance mode
X685 → extreme mode

i7-2600 with 8 cores:
P55,609 → performance mode
X557 → extreme mode

G5 with 1 core:
P572 → performance mode
{untested} → extreme mode (would take forever on my iMac G5 and overheat it)

Note: Do NOT run the program with zero arguments unless you want to run ALL benchmarks except the `compute-xt` one. This will take a long time and likely overheat your computer.
# Installation
Requirements:
- Python 3.8 or later (we don't test for older, probably works down to 3.6)
- OS X 10.5 Leopard or later (if too old to be supported by Homebrew, please use Tigerbrew to install Python 3.10) or Linux 3.2 or later (BSDs may be supported at a later time when I have time to spin up one in a virtual machine)

To install yesBenchMark via pip:
```
pip install yesbenchmark
```
Or if you have cloned the repo for development (note that this will also allow you to edit the src code without re-installing for ease):
```
pip install -e .
```

## Compiling and installing as a binary
Requirements:
- The above requirements
- If macOS, an Intel x86_64 CPU or better
- MacOSX 10.9 or later if on Mac

To compile:
```
python3 compile.py
```
After that, just copy the binary in dist out and into a directory in your PATH.

# License
This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0 (GPLv3). All past and future versions of this software are covered by this license. See the `LICENSE` file for full details.
